README.md, before:

# whisper-cpp

Python bindings for whisper.cpp using Cython and scikit-build.

## Features

- Python bindings for whisper.cpp speech recognition
- Built with Cython for performance
- Uses scikit-build for CMake integration
- TDD approach with pytest and pytest-xdist
- Built-in model downloader with CLI

## Installation

```bash
pip install .
```

For development:
```bash
pip install -e .[dev]
```

## Quick Start

### Download Models

```bash
# List available models
whisper-cpp models list

# Download a model
whisper-cpp models download tiny

# Download to specific path
whisper-cpp models download base /path/to/models
```

### Use in Python

```python
from whisper_cpp.models import download_model

# Download a model
download_model("tiny")
```

## Development

Run tests:
```bash
pytest -n auto
```

## Project Structure

```
whisper-cpp/
├── src/
│   ├── whisper_cpp/          # Python package
│   │   ├── models/           # Model downloader module
│   │   └── __main__.py       # CLI entry point
│   └── third_party/          # Submodules
├── tests/                    # Test files
├── CMakeLists.txt           # CMake configuration
└── pyproject.toml          # Project configuration
```

Commit message:

feat: rename project to cywhispercpp and update documentation
- Rename project from 'whisper-cpp' to 'cywhispercpp' for better clarity
- Update all references in documentation and CLI commands
- Add project logo and improved project overview section
- Streamline installation instructions and project structure
- Add license information (MIT License)

README.md, after:

![whisper-cpp](docs/images/whisper-cpp.svg)

# cywhispercpp

Python bindings for [whisper.cpp](https://github.com/ggerganov/whisper.cpp) using Cython and scikit-build.

## Overview

This project provides Python bindings for the [whisper.cpp](https://github.com/ggerganov/whisper.cpp) library, enabling speech recognition capabilities in Python with native performance through Cython integration.

**Note:** This project is not just for Python developers! C++ developers can also use the pre-built whisper.cpp library included in this package instead of building whisper.cpp from source.

## Features

- Python bindings for whisper.cpp speech recognition
- Built with Cython for optimal performance
- CMake integration via scikit-build
- Built-in model downloader with CLI interface
- Test-driven development approach

## Installation

```bash
pip install cywhispercpp
```

For the latest development version:
```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/MohammadRaziei/whisper-cpp.git
```

## Quick Start

### Download Models

```bash
# List available models
cywhispercpp models list

# Download a model
cywhispercpp models download tiny

# Download to specific path
cywhispercpp models download base /path/to/models
```

### Python Usage

```python
from cywhispercpp.models import download_model

# Download a model
download_model("tiny")
```

## Development

Run tests:
```bash
pytest -n auto
```

## License

MIT License
